README.md, before:

# Logging Hours

Any worked hours should be logged in Workday. To log your hours, [log into WeWork via the Okta portal](https://we.okta.com/). From the dashboard select `Workday` (there are a ton of options displayed in the dashboard, so you may need to scroll down a bit). Once Workday loads, select the `Time` option. From there, you can add and submit your hours for approval.

For step by step instructions, check out the [Adding Hours Guide](https://github.com/flatiron-labs/technical-coach-resources/blob/master/submitting-hours/add_hours_guide.md).

Be sure to submit your hours *before* 11:59PM on the Saturday at the end of the work week - otherwise, they may not be included in the current pay cycle. Best practice is to log your hours immediately after the end of your shift so you don't forget, but it's not mandatory.

You are also able to log time for any meetings or extra work that you perform. If you are unsure if your time spent on a meeting or a non Technical Coach task (AAQ, Study Groups, Portfolio Support) is loggable, reach out to Erika to for clarity.

**For any issues regarding logged hours or payments, email or slack Erika!**

## Resources

* [Adding Hours Guide](https://github.com/flatiron-labs/technical-coach-resources/blob/master/submitting-hours/add_hours_guide.md)

Commit message:

Add notes about submitting descriptions for all shifts work, as well as note about logged hours needing to mtch WhenIWork.

README.md, after:

# Logging Hours

Any worked hours should be logged in Workday. To log your hours, [log into WeWork via the Okta portal](https://we.okta.com/). From the dashboard select `Workday` (there are a ton of options displayed in the dashboard, so you may need to scroll down a bit). Once Workday loads, select the `Time` option. From there, you can add and submit your hours for approval.

For step by step instructions, check out the [Adding Hours Guide](https://github.com/flatiron-labs/technical-coach-resources/blob/master/submitting-hours/add_hours_guide.md).

Be sure to submit your hours *before* 11:59PM on the Saturday at the end of the work week - otherwise, they may not be included in the current pay cycle. Best practice is to log your hours immediately after the end of your shift so you don't forget, but it's not mandatory.

You are also able to log time for any meetings or extra work that you perform. If you are unsure if your time spent on a meeting or a non Technical Coach task (AAQ, Study Groups, Portfolio Support) is loggable, reach out to Erika to for clarity.

__It is **critical** that your logged hours match your scheduling in WhenIWork, for accountability purposes and so that payroll is kept accurately__ Err on the side of being safe, rather than sorry:

- If you swap or drop a shift (more on that in the next lesson!), make sure that the change is reflected in WhenIWork.
- ALWAYS add a note for the hours you are submitting. This can be as simple as "AAQ" or "Tech Coach shift" for shifts at Ask A Question, which will be the majority of your hours. For other cases, be descriptive but brief, e.g. "1:1 with Erika", "All-TC meeting".

**For any issues regarding logged hours or payments, email or slack Erika!**

## Resources

* [Adding Hours Guide](https://github.com/flatiron-labs/technical-coach-resources/blob/master/submitting-hours/add_hours_guide.md)
